You can no longer smell.
You can no longer taste.
You can no longer see.
You can no longer feel.
You can no longer hear.
You grow two extra limbs as long as you have this equipped.
It shimmers brightly.
You can detect life nearby.
You can detect undead nearby.
You can detect magic nearby.
You can understand any language.
You are fireproof.
You automatically detect any poison nearby.
As long as it is equipped, you are followed by a small ball of light.
Your voice is louder with this equipped.
Once equipped, it is permanently stuck to you.
Animals are automatically friendly to you.
You can sense tremors in the ground with ease.
You can no longer tell lies.
You can no longer tell the truth.
You have a horrid stench.
At will, you can conjure up a small portal to a random destination.
You can no longer die while you have this equipped.
You can no longer become wet.
Any enemy that would touch you is immediately teleported 50 feet in a random direction.
At will, you may make this item turn invisible.
You grow plant life around you with each step.
Plants around you die slowly.
Your programs crash half as often.
You no longer have a shadow.
This item allows you to meld with the shadows.
At will, you may become invisible.
At will, you may put a shield of light around you and your allies.
At will, lets you mind control one being.
Once per day, creates a paper map of all your surroundings in 5 miles.
It is encapsulated with a small gem which can hold a soul.
Animals are automatically agressive towards you.
Your limbs become animate even after they are cut off.
Once per day, emit a field of expanding cold around you.
You can detect resonating crystals near you.
While equipped, you'll come across more treasures.
While on your person, you'll come along less treasures.
You can see with your eyes closed.
You age faster while this is equipped.
You age slower while this is equipped.
While equipped, you have a scar that you can never conceal.
People tend to like you more.
People tend to dislike you more.
While equipped, someone within 50 miles of you will hunt you to your death.
Everything you touch turns to gold.
Everything you touch turns to stone.
Sealed away inside of it is a powerful slumbering god.
Sealed away inside of it is a powerful slumbering demon.
This item can talk.
This item is intelligent.