A house wren can feed 500 spiders and caterpillars to its nestlings during a single summer afternoon.
When danger threatens, a turkey vulture defends itself by puking up its last meal. This is a very gross and very effective defense strategy. 
More than 70 different bird species have been observed drinking nectar from hummingbird feeders.
Herons and egrets were once shot by the thousands so that their ornate feathers could be used to decorate womens' hats. The shooting of most migratory birds is now illegal.
Hummingbirds beat their wings as fast as 50 times per second, the fastest of any bird on the planet. This speedy wing beat, plus a rotating wrist joint, allows a hummingbird to hover in place, to fly backwards and upside down, and to catch tiny flying insects.
Robins are often considered the first sign of spring, but not all robins leave their home range in winter, so their appearance is not really a sign of spring.
Roadrunners eat almost anything they can catch: lizards and snakes, small rodents, scorpions and tarantulas, and large insects. They'll even leap up to catch hummingbirds at nectar feeders.
Peregrine falcons may reach speeds of 200 miles per hour when diving for prey. They use their balled-up talons to knock out their prey, then catch the hapless, falling bird before it hits the ground or water.
A barn owl can swallow a large rat whole. After digesting its meal, the owl coughs up a pellet containing the rat's bones and fur.
A Baltimore oriole can eat as many as 17 hairy caterpillars in a minute.
Birds have feathers, wings, lay eggs and are warm blooded.
There are around 10000 different species of birds worldwide.
The Ostrich is the largest bird in the world. It also lays the largest eggs and has the fastest maximum running speed (97 kph).
Scientists believe that birds evolved from theropod dinosaurs.
Birds have hollow bones which help them fly.
Some bird species are intelligent enough to create and use tools.
The chicken is the most common species of bird found in the world.
Kiwis are endangered, flightless birds that live in New Zealand. They lay the largest eggs relative to their body size of any bird in the world.
Hummingbirds can fly backwards.
The Bee Hummingbird is the smallest living bird in the world, with a length of just 5 cm (2 in).
Around 20% of bird species migrate long distances every year.
Homing pigeons are bred to find their way home from long distances away and have been used for thousands of years to carry messages. 